create a training schedule for your client.NaNCreate the schedule for the next 7 days. NaNUse the following  existing schedule as a reference for creating the new schedule: 
undefinedNaN If provided existing schedule, gradually increase the difficulty over time according to the dogs previously specified breed, age, maturity, social level, gender, or notesTry gently suggesting to work on social areas that have been reported as anything other than good with all dogsAdd criterea for changing difficulty levels and give examples of trying different difficulty levels.Ensure all instructions are step by step in as concise format as possible. make the instructions practical and success measurable.'NaNrespond to this in a json format with each day of the week (monday, tuesday... etc) as a key  and each entry following this format: { "monday": { "date": "dd-mm", "morning": "morning task", "evening": "evening task", "tips": "tips for the day"}}  order the response as monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, firday, saturday, sunday.  titled exercises should not interfer with the parsing of the response format.Example as follows: 
:'{  "monday": {    "date": "14-06",    "morning": "Focus on basic commands: sit, stay, and come. Practice each command for 10 minutes, rewarding with treats and positive reinforcement.",   "evening": "Introduce a new command: down. Work on this command for 15 minutes, rewarding with treats and praise. Also, practice loose leash walking for 20 minutes in a familiar area.",    "tips": "Be patient and consistent during training sessions. Use high-value treats to motivate and reward your dog's progress."  },  "tuesday": {    "date": "15-06",    "morning": "Continue practicing basic commands: sit, stay, come, and down. Increase the duration of each command to 15 minutes. Use treats and positive reinforcement for successful responses.",    "evening": "Add distractions while practicing commands. Take your dog to a slightly busier area and work on commands, ensuring they can follow through despite distractions. Reward good behavior with treats and praise.",    "tips": "Keep training sessions short and frequent to maintain your dog's focus. Gradually increase the level of distractions to build their impulse control."  },  "wednesday": {    "date": "16-06",    "morning": "Review basic commands: sit, stay, come, and down. Focus on improving response time and accuracy. Use fewer treats during training, relying more on praise and intermittent rewards.",    "evening": "Introduce a new command or trick based on your dog's capabilities. It could be "roll over," "shake hands," or any other simple trick. Practice for 15 minutes, rewarding your dog's efforts.",    "tips": "Consistency is key in training. Use consistent hand signals and verbal cues for commands to help your dog understand and respond better."  },  "thursday": {    "date": "17-06",    "morning": "Work on advanced obedience commands like "leave it" and "drop it." Use treats and positive reinforcement to encourage quick and reliable responses. Practice each command for 10 minutes.",    "evening": "Focus on socialization skills. Take your dog to a dog park or arrange a playdate with a friendly, vaccinated dog. Observe and guide their interactions, rewarding good behavior and redirecting inappropriate behavior.",    "tips": "If your dog struggles with socializing, consider seeking professional help or attending a training class specifically designed to improve their social skills."  },  "friday": {    "date": "18-06",    "morning": "Continue practicing advanced obedience commands: "leave it" and "drop it." Increase the difficulty level by using more tempting distractions. Reward your dog for making the right choices.",    "evening": "Introduce a new training exercise, such as agility or scent detection. Begin with basic exercises to get your dog acquainted with the activity. Reward their efforts and progress.",    "tips": "Always end training sessions on a positive note. Even if your dog struggled with a command or exercise, finish with an easy command they can successfully perform."  },  "saturday": {    "date": "19-06",    "morning": "Practice advanced obedience commands with distractions. Find a moderately challenging environment, such as a park, and work on commands. Reward your dog for maintaining focus despite distractions.",    "evening": "Continue with the new training exercise introduced on Friday. Progress to more complex exercises as your dog becomes more comfortable and proficient. Reward their achievements.",    "tips": "Monitor your dog's behavior closely during training. If they show signs of stress or discomfort, take a break and reassess the difficulty level."  },  "sunday": {    "date": "20-06",    "morning": "Combine all the learned commands into a training session. Practice each command for a shorter duration but in quick succession. Reward your dog for successfully following through with each command.",    "evening": "Review the new training exercise. Add variations or increase the difficulty level to challenge your dog. Continue rewarding their progress and efforts.",    "tips": "Regularly assess your dog's progress and adjust difficulty levels accordingly. Wearing a harness can help with leash control during training sessions."  }}'
text should not interfer with the parsing of the response format so  escape the inner double quotes by preceding them with a backslash (\)..